Suggestions for the Orange to Orange / custom Cloudflare configuration (#7370)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/explore-umbraco-cloud/what-is-umbraco-cloud/frequently-asked-questions.md

### Can Cloudflare be used with Umbraco Cloud?

> Yes. Hostnames managed in a customers CF zone can be be enrolled as **DNS Only** or by using [the hostname pre-validation flow](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud/go-live/manage-hostnames/hostname-pre-validation) in the [orange-to-orange configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/how-it-works/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Hostnames managed in a customer's Cloudflare (CF) zone can be enrolled as **DNS Only** or via [the hostname pre-validation flow](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cloud/go-live/manage-hostnames/hostname-pre-validation) in the [orange-to-orange configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/how-it-works/). 
```

> - [Orange-to-orange configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/how-it-works/) is the recommended approach for maximum control as you get to keep full control of you Edge configuration. In orange-to-orange configuration any Umbraco Cloud Cloudflare provided features such Managed Challenge, WAF can be stacked or disabled and managed manually in the customer zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Orange-to-orange configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-for-platforms/cloudflare-for-saas/saas-customers/how-it-works/) is the recommended approach for maximum control, as you get to keep full control of your Edge configuration. In an orange-to-orange configuration, any Umbraco Cloud Cloudflare provided features, such as Managed Challenge, Web Application Firewall (WAF), can be stacked or disabled and managed manually in the customer zone.
```

> - The **DNS Only** configuration is the recommended approach for minimum custom Cloudflare maintenance. In the **DNS Only** configuration the customers' Cloudflare zone won't apply DDoS protection or Web Application Firewall and the Umbraco Cloud Cloudflare features will continue working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **DNS Only** configuration is the recommended approach for minimum custom Cloudflare maintenance. In the **DNS Only** configuration, the customers' Cloudflare zone won't apply DDoS protection or Web Application Firewall, and the Umbraco Cloud Cloudflare features will continue working.
```
